This directory contains a version of MMAlpha that was downloaded from
lipforge, where I now have an account. This file is not committed. 

Content (April 2005, checked May 2006)


fc CopyMMA.m	A Mathematica program that allows one to make a copy of MMAlpha.
		Has to be documented
fu Status.xx	Status file. Has to be put in the maintenance directory
fu Todo-MMAlpha.xls	Status file. Idem
fu README 	This file
dc bin.cygwin 	I guess that this directory is OK.
dc bin.darwin 	This directory was created to receive the binary files for
Mac OS X
dc config	Checked
dc demos	Not checked yey
dc doc		Not checked yet
fc index.html	Html documentation
dc lib		Checked. A few modifications to be done
dc lib.cygwin	Cygwin library
dc lib.darwin	Mac OS X library
dc sources	Checked. Some modifications to be done
dc tests		Checked. A few minor modifications done on TestDomlib, 
		otherwise, nothing changed
fc welcome.html Welcome documentation
du maintenance	This is a new directory that I created on May 2006 in order
		to put maintening tools


To cvs something, I need:
- to export CVS_RSH with the bash command 
export CVS_RSH=ssh
or
setenv CVS_RSH ssh 
on csh
- to execute 
cvs -z3 -d:ext:quinton@lipforge.ens-lyon.fr:/local/chroot/cvsroot/irisa ccc
where ccc is the cvs command.

This cvs can be saved using an alias
alias cvs='\cvs blabla ... irisa'

In this directory, I have been able to compile readAlpha. To do so, 
I added a directory bin.darwin, lib.darwin, and a Makefile.darwin in 
the directory sources/MakeIncludes

This has to be added, and committed.

The Domlib has been added in the directory bin.darwin, but was
compiled separately. I must do the same modifications as done in 
mmalpha-a-moi, in this MMAlpha directory. 

To start MMAlpha, I created an init.m file in my home directory, 
with the single command Get[Environment etc... see the init.m file.

It did not work, as I guess that Mathematica was unable to find it.
Look at the documentation...

To start MMAlpha, from an X11 window, I set up MMALPHA by
export MMALPHA=/Users/quinton/MMAlpha
then I moved to directory /Applications/Mathematica 5.1.app/Contents/MacOS/
where I started Mathematica. 

I do not know yet how to define MMALPHA permanently, to add Mathematica
in my search rules...

Additionnaly, when Mathematica was started, I could see that MacOSX is
not supported. Alpha.m must be modified.